[Applause]
a crowd in the northern part of the
strip came under Fire from guns and
tanks as they gathered to obtain flow on
alrashed Road West of Gaza City News
Agency footage was released on Monday a
day after the incident Israeli forces
have fired on crowds trying to get Aid
several times in the past the un's food
agency says it was forced to suspend Aid
deliveries in the north because of this
violence and some Israeli have blocked
humanitarian aid from getting into the
Gaza Strip the group lay in front of a
border crossing with Egypt preventing
trucks from moving as they queued to get
into Gaza a trucks are meant to be
checked in Egypt before they cross over
well the spokesperson of the un's
humanitarian office says a recent
medical evacuation Convoy was also
stalled by Israeli forces for several
hours despite prior coordination for all
staff members and vehicles with the
Israeli side um the Israeli forces
blocked the who Le Convoy for many hours
the moment it left the hospital the
Israeli military forces the the Israeli
military forced patients and staff out
of ambulances and stripped all
paramedics of their clothes three
Palestinian red chrisan Society
paramedics were subsequently detained
although their personal details had been
shared with the Israeli forces in
advance while the rest of the Convoy
stay in place for over 7
hours one paramedic has been released
and we appeal for the immediate release
of the two others uh and all other
detained health
personnel but ter kazum is live for us
in Rafa in southern Gaza and TK Israel
is not only blocking Aid getting getting
into Gaza they're also targeting people
trying to access the little food that
has managed to get through how difficult
is it for people right
now well it has been widely systematic
systematically clear how the Israeli
military is very keen and exacting the
humanitarian situation in the another
part of Gaza it have been multiple
reported the people being shot and
exposed to the Israeli fire as they were
waiting for humanitarian trucks to get
to the nor part now people there have
been suffering from famine uh from a
very long weeks ago as they have nothing
to feed on they have the the majority of
uh food items in the Palestinian Market
with it ping prices has run out
completely from there alongside that
people also start depending on
Alternatives fors start depending on
animal feed mixed with uh rotten food in
order to at least have at one Loop of
thread for every couple of days at least
to remain survived just to to to be able
to continue for the next day this is
absolutely inhuman despite all the
international calls to remove all the
restrictions being placed on Aid
deliveries to the another part of Gaza
and even regarding the latest um Aid
parachuting from the Jordanian military
plane uh we did not really the majority
of these spes did not really get to the
people hammed because large parts of it
had been dropped in the water have been
completely ruined and cannot be really
usable usable for human consumption and
this is absolutely terrifying and two
now only Aire can help to mitigate the
deterioration of humanitarian crisis in
part of territory and TK you're joining
us on the phone now because you yourself
were targeted as you were making your
way to the live
location first of all we're we're very
happy to hear that you are okay but can
you just explain run us through exactly
what
happened well absolutely terrifying uh
moment when I just think alongside with
my my know getting ready to live
location uh we just get in the car start
moving uh peacefully and then uh we have
been completely surprised by a drone
attack just only one meter away from the
driver's
side that we managed to survive a loud
explosion to place my cleaner one of us
had been injured and but we have been
traumatized from the we have been right
now suffering from a clear psychological
PA from such horrific attack because
right now I'm being completely suffering
from uh with my ears being hurted being
hurt from this military attack alongside
my Army is unable also to speak well
right now he is psychologically
traumatized saying that we were close
this time more than every single
previous time of Israel repeat attack
had been carried down from one of the
streets that had been targeted before
and it was full of people as since the
moment of the attack and right now we
are trying to take all safety procedures
in order to be safe but basically we
have lost the sense of safety we are no
longer feel safe in Gaza even in the
area that's supposed to be a safe Zone
more than 1.9 million Palestinians we
have been following the Israeli orders
since day one of the fighting moving
from one place to another according to
their instructions and right now we are
ourselves being targeted maybe we do not
know the real reason behind this
targeting is it to silence our narrative
to stop prevent us from keep keeping
reporting and informing World regarding
all the latest updates on the ground
well it's absolutely a chaos we cannot
really think for right now we are
entirely traumatized by this mil yeah
ter you have and your team have been
doing an incredible job uh of keeping
everyone up to date with exactly what is
going on there you talked you've been uh
taking all of safety precautions uh as
possible that includes riding in cars
that are clearly marked as press or as
media doesn't it yes that's right we
have been uh we're our vest our helmet
and with a sign that this vehicle
belongs to a broadcast channel and this
is absolutely terrifying because we have
been by the way we have been moving on
the same road for couple of days taking
the same road without changing our our
our Direction and it's absolutely
terrifying like how this can happen for
journalists who must be protected by the
principles of international L and this
is not new by the way they have mully
attacks before they havea killed
different members of family one of the
latest attacks have killed myag Hamza
and right now it seems that they are
expanding that attx even for uh
journalists who are trying to send the
the message for the International
Community about what is happening here
on the ground and since the beginning of
the this war more than 100 Palestinian
journalists have been killed and we do
not know exactly who's the next TK as
always we really really do appreciate uh
all you and your team's incredible work
uh from ruffer and Gaza thank you